Create vivliostyle report 2022 en (#19)
vivliostyle/vivliostyle_doc: en/reports/vivliostyle-report-2022/vf2022report.md

Now, as the last part of this section, let us explore the causes of the decline in recurring revenue. Again, business revenue (yellow cells in the table) accounts for most of the recurring revenue. Therefore, we have graphed the breakdown of business revenue of 6,267,250 yen in FY2021 and 3,235,750 yen in FY2022.

![Fig-3: Breakdown of Business Revenue in FY2021 and FY2022](./img/fig-3.svg){ width=70% }

While editorial production increased by 1,000,000 yen from the previous period, contracted development from outside sources, including maintenance contracts, decreased to 1,685,750 yen, a decrease of 4,031,500 yen from the previous period (Katsuhiro Ogata is in charge of editorial production, while Representative Director Shinyu Murakami is mainly responsible for contracted development). In the [business report for FY2021](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle_doc/tree/gh-pages/ja/reports/vivliostyle-report-2021), commissioned development is explained as follows.

> > Catches the eye is that “Business income” raised 6,267,250 yen, which is 4,763,529 yen more than the previous fi scal year. (omitted) Thiswas due to the expansion of contract development from external companies.

Reviewer: この単語内に余計なスペースが入っていたり("fi scal")、単語間のスペースがなくなったり("Thiswas")してます。Adobe AcrobatでPDFからコピーするとこの問題がおきます。コピペはなるべくHTMLやMDからのほうがよいです。

それから、"Catches" ではじまってますが、もとの文は "what catches the eye" が主語なので "What" も入れないとおかしいです。

```suggestion
> What catches the eye is that “Business income” raised 6,267,250 yen, which is 4,763,529 yen more than the previous fiscal year. (omitted) This was due to the expansion of contract development from external companies.
```

In other words, the company's contracted development sales declined significantly in the current fiscal year, resulting in a loss.

> ### Income and Expenditure Statement for FY2021

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Income and Expenditure Statement for FY2022
```

![Fig-4: Number of major product PRs for the past three fiscal years](./img/fig-4.svg){ width=100% }

The number of PRs for all the underlying products, [Vivliostyle.js](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js) is outstanding, and it can be seen that development has made great progress (For more information on our product structure, see Refer to [FY2021 Activity Report](https://vivliostyle.org/viewer/#src=https://vivliostyle.github.io/vivliostyle_doc/ja/reports/vivliostyle-report-2021/vf2021report.html&bookMode=true&userStyle=data:,/*<viewer>*/%0A@page { size: A4; }%0A/*</viewer>*/)).

 Next to that are [Vivliostyle CLI](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-cli), [Vivliostyle Pub](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-pub), and it can be said that development of these products has also progressed well. However, PR numbers for products other than these three were weak.

> ### Analysis of PR Creator

Reviewer: 複数形に

```suggestion
### Analysis of PR Creators
```

</figure>

<figure>

| PR creator | number of PRs |
| ----- | --- |
| Representative Murakami | [72](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-cli/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A2022-04-01..2023-03-31+author%3AMurakamiShinyu) |
| spring-raining | [11](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-cli/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A2022-04-01..2023-03-31+author%3Aspring-raining) |
| total  | [83](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-cli/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A2022-04-01..2023-03-31+-author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot) |

<figcaption>Table-2: Breakdown of PR creators in the Vivliostyle CLI</figcaption>
</figure>

<figure>

| PR creator | number of PRs |
| ----- | --- |
| Representative Murakami | [33](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-pub/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A2022-04-01..2023-03-31+author%3AMurakamiShinyu) |
| takanakahiko | [7](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-pub/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A2022-04-01..2023-03-31+author%3Atakanakahiko) |
| total  | [40](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-pub/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A2022-04-01..2023-03-31+-author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot) |

<figcaption>Table-3: Breakdown of PR Creators at Vivliostyle Pub.</figcaption>
</figure>

> As can be seen from these tables, in the groups that developed smoothly, it was Representative Murakami who created many of the PRs. On the other hand, in the group that did not perform so well, the Murakami representatives were less involved.

Reviewer: "the Murakami representatives were" がおかしい

```suggestion
As can be seen from these tables, in the groups that developed smoothly, it was Representative Murakami who created many of the PRs. On the other hand, in the group that did not perform so well, Murakami was less involved.
```

> Incidentally, looking at the PR content of Representative Murakami for Vivliostyle CLI and Vivliostyle Pub, it is clear that it is not PR to add original functions to Vivliostyle CLI or Vivliostyle Pub, but rather to add functions and fix bugs in Vivliostyle.js, for which he himself is a maintainer. for which he is a maintainer, but rather to spread the addition of features and bug fixes in Vivliostyle.js.

Reviewer: 英文がおかしい

```suggestion
Incidentally, looking at the PR content of Representative Murakami for Vivliostyle CLI and Vivliostyle Pub, it is clear that it is not PR to add original functions to Vivliostyle CLI or Vivliostyle Pub, but rather to spread the feature additions and bug fixes in Vivliostyle.js, for which he himself is the maintainer, to each of them.
```

In this way, the development situation of Representative Murakami's “solitary struggle,” so to speak, comes to the fore. Of course, as the founder of the Vivliostyle project, it is only natural that Murakami's PR work is heavy. However, in the development of Open Source Software (OSS), it is not desirable from the standpoint of sustainability to concentrate too much work on the founder.

However, there were signs that this situation may change this quarter. Vivliostyle.js, which had been developed almost exclusively by Murakami, now had two new contributors (Fig-5). Of course, the functions added by their PR can be used in other products as well.

![Fig-5: [Number of commits to master branch in Vivliostyle.js this fiscal year](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/graphs/contributors?from=2022-04-01&to=2023-03-31&type=c)](./img/fig-5.png){ width=100% }

> The [PR](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/pull/1090) by Mr. [hkwi](https://github.com/hkwi), shown above, adds the CSS leader (), which provides the ruled line functionality often used in table of contents and other documents. This has been an issue for some time and is a long-awaited addition.

Reviewer: "leader()" の括弧は関数形式を表すものなのでスペースを入れない。
"and other documents"（その他の文書に）は余計。

```suggestion
The [PR](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/pull/1090) by Mr. [hkwi](https://github.com/hkwi), shown above, adds the CSS leader(), which provides the ruled line functionality often used in table of contents. This has been an issue for some time and is a long-awaited addition.
```
